What should the ancestors do?
Burn no no
You can't kill me!
I am the King of Yan
If you kill me, you will be the enemy of Ben Yan
how
Am I afraid that you will fail?
As long as you don't kill me
I, Beiyan, am willing to withdraw and leave to befriend Dazhou
Who said just now that they wanted to let me
Land surrender compensation?
No, I, Beiyan, am willing to cede the land and pay compensation
As long as you don't kill me
You can ask me to do anything
Kneel down for me
Can't kneel King Yan
I kneel
Beiyin is willing to submit to Kyushu
I led thousands of troops on expeditions for many years
Beiyin won it effortlessly
Death or surrender
Dongyi
Willing to submit to me, Nanqi willing to submit to Kyushu
Am I not dreaming?
Since the three weeks have surrendered
Holy Maiden, my Kyushu continent is finally complete